backend      : TkAgg
path.simplify           :   True

#lines
lines.linewidth     : 1.5
lines.linestyle     : -
lines.color         : black

#fonts & text
#font.family         : serif
#font.weight         : bold
font.size           : 12.0
text.color          : black
text.usetex         : True

#axes & ticks
axes.edgecolor      : black
axes.linewidth      : 1.0
axes.grid           : False
axes.titlesize      : x-large
axes.labelsize      : x-large
axes.labelweight    : normal
axes.labelcolor     : black
axes.formatter.limits : -4, 4

xtick.major.size     : 7
xtick.minor.size     : 4
xtick.major.pad      : 6
xtick.minor.pad      : 6
xtick.labelsize      : x-large
xtick.minor.width    : 1.0
xtick.major.width    : 1.0

ytick.major.size     : 7
ytick.minor.size     : 4
ytick.major.pad      : 6
ytick.minor.pad      : 6
ytick.labelsize      : x-large
ytick.minor.width    : 1.0
ytick.major.width    : 1.0

#legends
legend.numpoints     : 1
legend.fontsize      : large
legend.shadow        : True
legend.frameon       : False
legend.handletextpad    :   0.3
